Support `LIMIT BY ALL` (#62149)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

└────┴────┴─────┘
```

## enable_limit_by_all {#enable-limit-by-all}

> Enables or disables `ALL` argument for `LIMIT BY` statements, see [LIMIT BY](../../sql-reference/statements/select/limit-by.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If enabled `ALL` in the `LIMIT BY` clause is treated not as a column identifier, but as an alias to projection list, see [LIMIT BY](../../sql-reference/statements/select/limit-by.md).
```
